README.md, before:

# Code Sketches

## What
A collection of sketches in Javascript using [canvas-sketch](https://github.com/mattdesl/canvas-sketch]).

## Possible topics & useful things
- [Tesselation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tessellation)
- [Parametric equations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parametric_equation#Kinematics)
- [Bertstein polynomials](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernstein_polynomial)

## Inspiration & tutorials
- [Signed distance functions by Jamie Wong](http://jamie-wong.com/2016/07/15/ray-marching-signed-distance-functions/)
- [Bezier curves by Jamie Wong](http://jamie-wong.com/post/bezier-curves/)- [Bezier curves by Freya Holmér](https://medium.com/@Acegikmo/the-ever-so-lovely-b%C3%A9zier-curve-eb27514da3bf)
- [Spurious splines by Anders Hoff](https://inconvergent.net/2016/spurious-splines/)
- [Shepherding random grids by Anders Hoff](https://inconvergent.net/2016/shepherding-random-grids/)
- [Shepherding random numbers by Anders Hoff](https://inconvergent.net/2016/shepherding-random-numbers/)
- [Some p5 experiments by Anders Hoff](https://inconvergent-sandbox.glitch.me/index.html)

Commit message:

Adding resources; Finished Fridays sketch

README.md, after:

# Code Sketches

## What
A collection of sketches in Javascript using [canvas-sketch](https://github.com/mattdesl/canvas-sketch]).

## Possible topics & useful things
- [Tesselation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tessellation)
- [Parametric equations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parametric_equation#Kinematics)
- [Bertstein polynomials](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernstein_polynomial)
- [Homogeneous coordinates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homogeneous_coordinates)

## Inspiration & tutorials
- [Signed distance functions by Jamie Wong](http://jamie-wong.com/2016/07/15/ray-marching-signed-distance-functions/)
- [Bezier curves by Jamie Wong](http://jamie-wong.com/post/bezier-curves/)
- [Bezier curves by Freya Holmér](https://medium.com/@Acegikmo/the-ever-so-lovely-b%C3%A9zier-curve-eb27514da3bf)
- [Spurious splines by Anders Hoff](https://inconvergent.net/2016/spurious-splines/)
- [Shepherding random grids by Anders Hoff](https://inconvergent.net/2016/shepherding-random-grids/)
- [Shepherding random numbers by Anders Hoff](https://inconvergent.net/2016/shepherding-random-numbers/)
- [Some p5 experiments by Anders Hoff](https://inconvergent-sandbox.glitch.me/index.html)
- [Gray-Scott reaction diffusion in WebGL shaders](https://github.com/amandaghassaei/ReactionDiffusionShader)
- [Interactive guide to homogeneous coordinates by Words and Buttons](https://wordsandbuttons.online/interactive_guide_to_homogeneous_coordinates.html)
- [A programmers guide to polynomials and splines by Words and Buttons](https://wordsandbuttons.online/programmers_guide_to_polynomials_and_splines.html)
- [Patterns in Islamic Art](https://patterninislamicart.com/)
- [Motion blur in canvas-sketch](https://gist.github.com/mattdesl/447feabf4c819889a5e73de0da37abc0)
